[Docs] Add change log for v1.3.1 and v1.2.3 (#3502)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/change-log/index.md

(change-log)=
# Change log
- [v1.3.1](#v1-3-1)
- [v1.3.0](#v1-3-0)

> - [v1.2.3](#v1-2-3)

Reviewer: missing 1.2.2

Author: 1.2.2 was not delivered to any customer - no need to include it

Reviewer: This is a full changelog and should include versions that we release, not versions being used atm

- [Limitations](#limitations)
- [Deprecations](#deprecations)

## v1.3.1

### Closed issues

| ID   | Description                                                    |
| --- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ML-3764 | The tutorial 02-model-training requires scikit-learn 1.2. (Previously pointed to 1.0.) [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/3437).  |

> | ML-3823 | Projects that have very large yaml (configuration) files does not cause system crash when previewing in UI. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/3560).  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ML-3823 | Reducing larged-size projects effecting with backend slowness [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/3560). 
```

in addition to 1.3.1:

- Optimized /projects endpoint to work faster
- Reduce too verbose logs on backend side

Author: @liranbg - pls respond with full comments and JIRA #s! I can't see anything in 1.3.1 related to "Optimized /projects endpoint to work faster"
Unless you didn't mean that these are additional fixes in 1.3.1?

| ML-3446 | Fix: Failed MLRun Nuclio deploy needs better error messages. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/3241). |
| ML-3482 | Fixed model-monitoring incompatibility issue with mlrun client running v1.1.x and a server running v1.2.x. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/3180). |

## v1.2.3

### Closed issues

| ID   | Description                                                    |
| --- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | ML-3287 | UI now resets the cache upon MLRun upgrades, and the Projects page displays correctly.  [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/ui/pull/1612). |

Reviewer: This is just ui, nothing on backend - thus should be removed.

what fixed on 1.2.2:

1. Fix presenting and serving large-sized projects

what fixed on 1.2.3:

1. Fix UI glitch presenting project membership screen
2. Optimized `/projects` endpoint to work faster
3. Reduce too verbose logs on backend side

Author: @liranbg 3287 was opened by a customer - therefore is included

| ML-2014 | Model deployment returns ResourceNotFoundException (Nuclio error that Service <name> is invalid.) | Verify that all `metadata.labels` values are 63 characters or less. See the [Kubernetes limitation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#syntax-and-character-set). |  v1.0.0  |
| ML-3315 | The feature store does not support an aggregation of aggregations | NA                                  | v1.2.1 |
| ML-3381 | Private repo is not supported as a marketplace hub             | NA                                     | v1.2.1 | 

> | ML-3824 | MLRun supports TensorFlow up to 2.9. | NA | v1.3.1 |

Reviewer: ~ 2.11.0 tbh

Author: @liranbg See https://iguazio.slack.com/archives/C056PBR36A2/p1684250135369859. I think the problem in the change log is that it's under limitataions, and not under 1.3.1 as a limitation. Is that correct?

Reviewer: not sure I follow you. it is a limitation, could be 1.3.1 limitation only but tbh it will be 1.3.0 too now. because tensorflow was tested with < 2.12
anyway, this specific line should be changed to
```suggestion
| ML-3824 | MLRun supports TensorFlow up to 2.11. | NA | v1.3.1 |
```
